[DOC] Update metrics for Alloy troubleshooting doc (#4137)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/troubleshooting/alloy.md

exporter_send_failed_spans_ratio_total
```

If you are using Grafana Alloy to send traces to Grafana Cloud, the metrics are visible at

> `http://localhost:12345/metrics`.

Reviewer: This is a bit misleading, this endpoint is local and it states Grafana Cloud

Reviewer 2: This is referring to the metrics emitted by Alloy itself, `/metrics` is its prometheus scrape endpoint. These should also end up in Grafana Cloud, but in case remote write isn't working yet this is a quick and easy way to check the metrics locally.

I think the bit that might be confusing is _If you are using Grafana Alloy_ since this page is about Alloy already.

Author: Good points. I"ll write a suggestion to clarifiy.

> If you are using Grafana Alloy to send traces to Grafana Cloud, the metrics are visible at
> `http://localhost:12345/metrics`.

Author: ```suggestion
Alloy has a Prometheus scrape endpoint, `/metrics`, that you can use to check metrics locally by opening a browser to `http://localhost:12345/metrics`.
```

Reviewer 2: Yep, that looks good :+1: I think that's clear and avoids all confusion with Grafana Cloud
